("Nikhil to schedule the demo by Wednesday. Manoj to submit the draft by the 25th. Revisit roadmap.", "en"),
("Rajeev to test the new feature by Wednesday. Manoj to arrange the meeting by the first week of July. Start working on next phase.", "en"),
("Sneha to lead the review by next week. Yash to write documentation by July 1st. Set up next checkpoint.", "en"),
("Arjun to schedule the demo by next week. Arjun to follow up with the client this weekend. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Akhil to schedule the demo by Thursday. Karan to lead the review by tomorrow. Update progress on Slack.", "en"),
("Rajeev to prepare the slides before the weekend. Asha to follow up with the client by tomorrow. Conduct a user test.", "en"),
("Jay to optimize the backend by the first week of July. Priya to finalize the proposal by Thursday. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Priya to optimize the backend by EOD. Abhishek to optimize the backend by Monday. Flag issues early.", "en"),
("Reena to arrange the meeting by early next week. Neha to finalize the proposal by tomorrow. Prepare backup plans.", "en"),
("Meera to finalize the proposal by July 1st. Yash to follow up with the client by EOD. Set up next checkpoint.", "en"),
("Ramesh to lead the review by the end of this month. Devansh to lead the review by Friday. Prepare backup plans.", "en"),
("Priya to check the compatibility by the end of this month. Sneha to submit the draft by July 1st. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Priya to lead the review by next week. Devansh to complete the report by the first week of July. Focus on quality assurance.", "en"),
("Neha to prepare the slides by Tuesday. Abhishek to check the compatibility by the first week of July. Set up next checkpoint.", "en"),
("Karan to check the compatibility by tomorrow. Rajeev to complete the report by tomorrow. Conduct a user test.", "en"),
("Yash to finalize the proposal this weekend. Manoj to deploy the patch this weekend. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Abhishek to follow up with the client this weekend. Nikhil to schedule the demo by July 1st. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Shreya to submit the draft by next week. Nikhil to prepare the slides this weekend. Focus on quality assurance.", "en"),
("Yash to optimize the backend by Monday. Aditi to prepare the slides before the weekend. Focus on quality assurance.", "en"),
("Karan to arrange the meeting by Friday. Priya to arrange the meeting before the weekend. Start working on next phase.", "en"),
("Anjali to complete the report by EOD. Ramesh to check the compatibility by July 1st. Conduct a user test.", "en"),
("Shreya to test the new feature by the 25th. Priya to finalize the proposal by the end of this month. Prepare backup plans.", "en"),
("Sanya to deploy the patch by the end of this month. Sanya to follow up with the client this weekend. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Devansh to arrange the meeting by the 25th. Naina to design the landing page by the first week of July. Flag issues early.", "en"),
("Rohit to design the landing page by next week. Anjali to design the landing page by the first week of July. Conduct a user test.", "en"),
("Arjun to follow up with the client by Thursday. Meera to lead the review this weekend. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Rajeev to lead the review by early next week. Ramesh to test the new feature by the 25th. Update progress on Slack.", "en"),
("Ramesh to follow up with the client by the first week of July. Sanya to complete the report by the 25th. Focus on quality assurance.", "en"),
("Yash to check the compatibility by Thursday. Reena to write documentation by the first week of July. Focus on quality assurance.", "en"),
("Shreya to design the landing page this weekend. Manoj to schedule the demo this weekend. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Aditi to test the new feature by Tuesday. Akhil to write documentation by Friday. Prepare backup plans.", "en"),
("Manoj to arrange the meeting by July 1st. Rajeev to design the landing page this weekend. Prepare backup plans.", "en"),
("Shreya to write documentation by the 25th. Jay to schedule the demo by July 1st. Flag issues early.", "en"),
("Vikas to test the new feature by Tuesday. Arjun to check the compatibility this weekend. Set up next checkpoint.", "en"),
("Divya to complete the report by EOD. Rekha to prepare the slides by the end of this month. Prepare backup plans.", "en"),
("Vikas to deploy the patch by next week. Aditi to arrange the meeting by Tuesday. Set up next checkpoint.", "en"),
("Sneha to arrange the meeting by tomorrow. Vikas to lead the review by Tuesday. Update progress on Slack.", "en"),
("Reena to optimize the backend by Tuesday. Meera to follow up with the client by the first week of July. Review design with team.", "en"),
("Abhishek to follow up with the client by Friday. Manoj to schedule the demo by Wednesday. Focus on quality assurance.", "en"),
("Akhil to schedule the demo this weekend. Neha to submit the draft by the 25th. Review design with team.", "en"),
